Remove unsupported sku from iothub dps (#7847)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/iothub_dps.html.markdown

A `sku` block supports the following:

> * `name` - (Required) The name of the sku. Possible value is `S1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name of the sku. Currently can only be set to `S1`.
```
